Villain: Yes! My masterpiece is finally complete! And now, to build Mandy up to the highest popularity. Ooohwahahahahahaha(The Anti-social Network)Sammy: Think I’ll take intro journalism, journalism basics and snooping 101. You know, to appeal to my totally inquisitive side.Alex: Great idea, Sammy. Now, what class should I sign up for?Sammy: Well, what do you wanna be when you grow up, Alex?Alex: Hmm…Maybe a veterinarian, or an animal psychologist, or a pony.Clover: Oooh OMG girls! I have the most amazing news ever! I totally just signed us for a fashion design class together. Can you like, even believe it? LalalaSammy: Em…Not really, Clover. I mean, fashion design’s kinda your thing.Clover: Trust me, girls. It’ll be a majorly awesome way to spend more time together. And it’ll be way fun! Group hug!Mandy: Men and losers all keep off! The Mandy Train is comin’ ther-ah!Clover: Whatever, Mandy. Since when do we take orders from you?Mandy: Since I’ve officially decided to major in being famous for being famous! And I’ll simply be the most influential person on the puh-lanet!My intern, Trent, is marketing me on all platforms of media for the utmost exposed celebrity. Isn’t that right, Trent?Trent: Uh, everything you say is right, Mandy.Mandy: Good answer! Now outta my way, losers!Alex: Uh oh! Will the new student here not build a Southern California earthquake codes?Sammy: Uh I think it’s a disturbance of a different kind. A WOOHP quake!Mandy: Now that those freaks are gone, let’s hear what you’ve been working on to help me achieve fame and fortune without actually doing anything.Trent: Well, for starters, I’ve been updating your website.Mandy: Eeew! Those pictures here are totally dated! They were for over three days ago!Trent: Sorry, Mandy. This is an internship.Mandy: Uh! This lame website isn’t gonna cut it. I need something big, something animated, something new! (Phone rings)If you are ready to experience the thrill of Mandybook, click here. No way! It’s an entire social network website dedicated to me! Guess it must’ve been created by one of my many admirers.Villain: Hahahah!Mandy: Now hit that gas!Villain: Oh believe me, Mandy. Mandybook will take you to places you’ve never dreamed of!! Hahahaha!!Alex: Jerry? Are you in here?Sammy: I don’t see him.Jerry: Not so fast, ladies. I’m testing out the new chip or CHIP, WOOHP’s new compressed inner helium inhalation prototype, that allows its user to float about like a balloon. Unfortunately, I haven’t figured out how to stop it from making my voice so high-pitched. As far as the attire, I’ve just returned from holiday. Alo-ha! And now for the reason you’re here. WOOHP sends us a pic of a very strange frequency coming from somewhere around your campus.Sammy: What kind of frequency?Jerry: I’m not certain. But because it using brain-wave technology I’ve never seen before, I’d like you to investigate on the double.Alex: Then, what are we waiting for? Bring on the gadgets.Jerry: Very well, then. First, we have your new compowders, now with DNA recognition, hands-free capabilities which literally allow the devices to float beside you if you happen to be tied up by a villain, multiple datter window projection function and the shiny skin detector.Clover: You mean like we’re detecting a slimy bad guy with creepy tentacles or something?Jerry: No, for detecting when your faces get extra sweaty on mission. In the unfortunate event of breakthrough shine, the compowder will beep, allowing you to apply a fresh coat of powder.Spies: Awesome!Jerry: Next, we have the brace for it bracelet that tightens around the wrist when picking up strange (amplitude?), WOOHP speeders, the cutting edge impersonal transport devices, and finally the incendiary earrings.Clover: Who-a, Jer. These are mega-hot!Jerry: More so than you know, Clover. When tossed, they produce intense heat capable of incinerating whatever they touch.Alex: Awesome!Jerry: Now Goodbye, spies, and good luck!Alex: Now this is what I call cool! Clover: Are you kidding me? If any of these guys see me riding this geeky thing, I’ll totally freak! And if this WOOHP speeder thing isn’t annoying enough, my wrist seriously hurts! Alex: That’s because the gadget Jer gave you is picking up a frequency.Clover: Guess now I knew why he named the ‘ brace for it’ in the bracelet. You have to brace yourself for the pain!Sammy: Come on, spies! I think we’ve reached our target. So what do you think? Should we climb the trellis and head for the roof?Alex: Oh puh-lease. Climbing is old school.Sammy: ‘Kay. Looks like the chim is our best way inside.Alex: Good thing we haven’t eaten lunch yet. It’s gonna be a tight fit!Sammy: Whoa check it out. S’all sorts of high-tech in hereClover: And all sorts of cluttered. Alex: ‘S not all high-tech. This toothbrush looks perfectly ordinary.Toothbrush: I am a doofanator. For deep cleaning, press 1. For bad breath detection, press 2.Alex: Okay, looks can be deceiving.Clover: Oww. The braceward bracelet’s picking up that frequency again. Alex: I think it’s coming from that computer over there.Sammy: Time for a little recon.Clover: Ugh! So much for being stealthy!Alex: Girls! I think we’re on the least of our problems.Oh no!Yeah!Clover: Okay, most obnoxious house ever!Sammy: More like strangest mission ever? A hostile house with aggressive appliances? What gives? Jerry: Girls, mission update?Sam: Jer, perfect timing. We need WOOHP to analyze this crazy high-tech toothbrush Alex found.Jerry: Not a problem. Oh and girls, you have your fashion design class in five minutes. Tata!Alex: Uh, you’re welcome, Mr.Crabby.And now, for a wardrobe change. After all we gotta show up to class looking ab-fab!Clover: Yes! Fashion victory!Villain: HahahahaAlex: Win the ‘nana smoothie, please.Clover: Alex, what are you doing? We’re running late? Alex: OopsieSam: Uh guys, are you noticing what I’m noticing? Clover: Better outfits are radiating with impeccable taste? Yes, I did notice.Sam: No, that every single student on campus is looking at their smartphones and tablet computers. Clover: Hey!Alex: Uh, man. There goes lunch.Sam: Shh. Guys, listen.Girl 1: Did you read the post about how Mandy donated her old water ski to the relief.Girl 2: Totally, she’s so giving.Girl 1: I know, I’m just glad we have Mandybook to keep us up to date on her awesomeness.Spies: Mandybook?(People with Mandy icons on their backs passes by. Mandy’s sculpture is erected later.)~Spies Gasp~Clover: Okay. What is going on?Mandy: What is going on is that thanks to my new social networking site, Mandybook. I now have over one hundred thousand followers. Trent! You really should throw me a party to celebrate. Why haven’t you losers joined yet? Oh that’s right. Because you’re always riding a kaboose on every awesome trend. Let’s roll, Trent. I can’t dare to be seen with these popularity killers.Sam: I can’t believe it, Mandy’s actually becoming……famous.Alex: And all this time, I thought Mali U students’ had good taste.Clover: Uh oh, we’re late for class.Villain: And now that I’ve built her up, it’s time to watch Mandy fall. Hahaha!!Instructor: tight, people. Faster! Fashion doesn’t create itself. More sweat, more tears! Ooh, less ventax.Clover: Isn’t this the best idea ever? I’m loving in class with you guys.Sam: Yeah…Phew…Instructor: Yes um, I’ve just got feelings this fashion disaster isn’t making. I’m feeling a do-over.Clover: A do-over? And I’m Clover!Instructor: (To Sam) Wait-a-what-a-non-fashion fashion-look, Alex. Tres chupe!Instructor: (To Alex) Love the sleeve stain, Sam. It’s a bold statement. like that will take you far into fashion biz.Instructor: Ok, c’est ca that for today. I’ll see you all tomorrow.Clover: (Drum roll) (Crying) Professor Punkin totally hates me. He didn’t even get my name right.Alex: Oh, no, he doesn’t, Sam. Uh, I mean Clover.Clover: I hope you guys are right. In any case, you’re the best friends ever.Girl 3: Did you read the latest post on Mandybook? She started charging for autographs.Girl 4: She won’t even shake hands unless she’s wearing designer gloves.Alex: Wow, sounds like Mandy’s followers are kinda mad at her.Sam: They seem more than that. They totally turned against her.(Boys growling and breaking their cell phones.)Clover: Awesome. Now that things are getting juicy on Mandybook, I’m gonna sign up just to get the dish.Whoa. Check out this tragedy.Mandy: Make way, followers. The princess of popularity is coming through.Angry crowd: There she is. Get her.Mandy: Hey! Take it easy! Stay back! I am a icon! I deserve a spect! Ahh!!Stay away of off me!!Sam: ‘Kay. That seems like a pretty extreme reaction.Alex: Totally! We better go help her before the crowd mulls her. Clover: Ouch! And before this bracelet gets any tighter, I’m not sure why, but it must be picking that frequency again.Mandy: Those people are crazy stuthers.Ow! Why are the best hiding places always the nastiest?Mandy: Ouch! I should’ve known you guys were behind all of this. You are the ones who made my followers revolt. You and your……freaky outfits!Clover: (Laughing at her cellphone behind the other spies.) Hahaha!Sam: (Shoving Clover to a room.) Mandy, we have nothing to do with what’s going on.Alex: (Compowder beeps) It’s Jerry! Excuse us, for just one minute.Jerry: Girls, I’ve just gotten a DNA result back from a toothbrush. Seems it belongs to a Telly Hardwire. Good luck!Sam: Telly Hardwire. Wasn’t he the president of the computer club in Beverly High?Alex: Mandy, have you ever heard of Telly Hardwire?Mandy: Telly who?Villain: You probably would know my name if you bother to cyber-friend me when I sent you a friend request in high school.Sam: Telly?Villain: That’s right. And I’m here to take Mandy down in flames. As revenge for dissing me and thinking she’s better than everyone else. Mandy: Seriously, dude. That is so pathetic.Villain: People like you don’t get that it’s geeks like me who create the social networks you enjoy.Mandy: Egg-zactly. Like I said, get over it.Villain: Oh, I AM getting over it. Hff!Mandy: Whatever. This is just a little bump in the highway on my road to mega stardom.Sam: Here they come again, and they don’t look like they’re on your side, Mandy.Mandy: Ahh!!Villains: I’ve integrated a mind-control brainwave frequency in Mandybook that not only hooks your followers on the site, but also makes them want to tape you down. And since it’s working so well, after you’re eliminated, I’m going after everyone in the world who ever rejected one of my online friend requests. Hff!Alex: This guy has lost it!Sam: Clover, keep them at bay.Sam: Alex! We need to get Mandy out of here!Clover: Let’s get her, everyone!Alex: Clover? Sam: Look at her eyes! Telly’s frequency must have affected her!Sam: Chips up, Alex!Mandy: Huh?Mandy: Ahh!!(Sees Trent) Trent! I am so happy to see you! There’s this whapped up…)Trent: She’s over here!Mandy: You traitor! You’re so fired!Sam: Mandy, hurry up! Get in!Look out!Alex: Hang on, guys. I’m not so good at driving one of these things.Clover: Haul over, and give us Mandy!Sam: Alex, head toward the house where the frequency’s coming from.Alex: I’ll try, but Clover’s turned the WHOOP speeder raged.Let’s call our chips again.Sam: Look out! Here comes Telly in the mob!Villain: How fitting that you were taken down by your own fanity.Mandy: Um, I don’t suppose if I friended you now, you’d call up the mob. Didn’t think so.Sam: Alex, hurry. You need to destroy the frequency transmitter.Alex: I’m on it, Sammy.Villain: If she gets to the transmitter, she’ll compromise Mandybook. Stop her.Alex: This is the job for the incendiary earrings.(To a vacuum like object) Not you again?Sam: Alex, anytime you get to destroy that frequency, it’d be much appreciated.Alex: I’m trying!Sam: Alex!Alex: All I know is that these things better work!Clover: Oh…’kay! What happened to my uni? And what am I doing in public looking like this? Uh oh, micro shine alert!Mandy: You’re still my loyal and devoted followers, though, right?Oh, they probably lost interest because they saw me hanging out with you!Trent! You’re rehired, with a lot of work to do rebuilding my popularity.Trent: Whatever you say, Mandy.Alex: Not so fast, Telly. You’ve got a date with WHOOP prison!Villain: Let me go, I’m warning you. I’ll ruin your popularity. I CAN DO IT!!Jerry: I’ll take it from here, girls. Excellent work.Villain: Hff.Sam: Uh Jer, someone might need to have today’s events removed from her memory, if you know what I mean.Mandy: Hey! What are you doing? Let me go! Do you know who I am? I am famous! I have a hundred thousand followers.Clover: More like ‘had’ a hundred thousand followers. Sam: Well, girls, I say we definitely started this semester with a bang.Alex: Heck yeah! I mean, could things get any more exciting?Clover: I’m just glad everything worked out for the best. And I’m still bummed that Professor Punkin doesn’t like my fashion sense.Instructor: Now that is what I called fierce! I mean how many girls would dare a cinched catsuit, bird’s nest hair look after labor day? I love it! Hep-la, Alex!Clover: OMG! This is gonna be the best school year ever! Only he could get my name right!